so welcome to part two of the breakdown
and what an episode that was the best of
the season so far and they've given us a
lot to talk about a lot to break down
which of course i'm going to be doing in
this video and in the week as usual as
we really dive deep into key
conversations foreshadows and clues but
from episode a serve we're going to be
of course talking about the main talking
point which is the attack on lulu and i
say attack because i definitely don't
think he's dead but many people do so
we're going to discuss whether he's dead
or alive symphony noticing how tony had
the detectives trying to catch marvin
jukebox's emotional control and some
more death predictions going into
episode 9 and 10 of raising canaan but
of course if you're new to the channel
and you haven't done so already then
remember to smash the subscriber and if
you don't see everything power book 3
empower universe related let's talk
about the biggest talking point from the
episode first and that's it flew to his
dead or alive after he was lit up by
warrell and his boys and just after the
episode finished airing malcolm mays who
plays lulu posted this on his instagram
teasing us that he's actually dead
captioning that it was a blessing a
blessing to be a part of raising canaan
which raising canaan's stars also
reposted but i definitely think he's
playing with us this is the same
question a lot of people had when they
saw scrappy for the first time in
episode 6 a lot of people thought he was
dead but as i said scrappy still has a
big role to play for racquel and in her
organization and rack even described him
as a soldier and he's gonna make it and
the same goes for lulu i have no doubt
that he's still alive and there's a few
reasons why i think so and some of you
may remember a video i broke down a week
or so ago i spoke about scrappy's death
and whether we could see a same chess
move that we saw in power we saw kanan
returning us slim after ghost thought
he'd killed him ghost thought he was
dead so did tasha and so did tommy but
kanan was able to move under the radar
without being detected and able to
strike at the perfect moment something
we learned from the 48 laws of power
transforming a weakness into power and
disguising yourself as someone else and
this is what i think we could really see
either from scrappy or lulu now whenever
we've seen unique or rocket attack we've
seen the other retaliate but unique
really did make a huge mistake in this
episode attacking one of the thomases
and had a conversation with one of the
regulars in the comment section just
after i finished watching the episode i
said this was the wrong move from unique
he should never have hit the thomases if
he was gonna hit them then he should
have made sure he finished them and it
was definitely a mistake in not
finishing the job on lulu and this
comment sums up my thoughts when you
come at the queen you best not miss and
what unique did was he missed not once
but twice first was scrappy when he
didn't finish the job on him because
he's a tough [ __ ] soldier who managed
to stay alive even though he had an eye
socket pulled out and losing a kidney in
the process and now he's also missed
with lulu when he should have finished
the job because you can bear well don't
lulu wants out of the game he's going to
want revenge of some sort and he's
someone to get [ __ ] done and get [ __ ]
done right he never misses apart from
missing warrell where he definitely used
the wrong gun but racquel and marvin
will come with full force next week and
for those of you who have seen the
trailer for the next episode then you
know what force they're gonna bring to
unique but you guys know in this second
video breakdown i look at different
viewpoints and the viewpoint with
regards to the war between unique and
rack which was different to the one that
i gave was raised by ja and where i
think juarez time is coming in the next
two episodes jay raised it's time to
start recognizing warrell as a real
problem he put scrappy and lulu in
hospital and survived a home invasion
shootout within the span of three
episodes i see him turning on unique if
marvin doesn't kill him first so let's
add to this let's have a look at a
couple of scenes which could back up
this viewpoint in episode four we saw
unique killing trends g right in front
of warrell his childhood best friend who
we grew up with in the same apartment
block so if he's capable of doing this
to tres g then what's to say warren
won't be next but let's bring it back to
episode 8. unique was jumping to
conclusions that rock was behind all of
the bodies that were dropping in the
street and we as the audience know that
wasn't the case and it seemed that
warrell did too he tried to get his
viewpoint over to unique but unique is
someone who doesn't really have a right
hand man i said in one of my previous
videos that sometimes being a leader you
need a right hand man to challenge your
decisions challenge your vision and
thought process because sometimes two
minds are better than one and in this
moment you need to take anything on
board that warrell said it's his way and
always his way maybe if he did hear him
then he would have had a different move
because a war is always bad for business
but moral is definitely dangerous and i
agree with jay's viewpoint with how he
could turn on unique if marvin doesn't
kill him first because let's not forget
you need to step to deal with scrappy
who's still alive he then tasked him
with dealing with lulu who i also
believe is still alive despite what
malcolm mays posted on instagram and
unique is someone who has shown us he
can quickly turn on his own crew so
could we really see warrell turn on
unique to save himself let me know what
you guys think down below in the comment
section now one thing i do feel we need
to touch on is why did lulu steal unique
jacket we didn't exactly see what he did
with the jacket did he plant it
somewhere did he use it for something
they never really gave us the answer but
do you think it's a key detail that will
most definitely come into play over the
next episode or two so hopefully we get
the answer soon i mean if any of you
guys have any ideas then just drop your
comments down below again but let's move
on and talk about symphony because this
is a key detail him clocking what tony
was up to behind marvin's back and i
feel marvin you anyway especially when
he gave this look as he walked past the
cops he was also very careful with the
words he chose to speak and not to speak
similar to how when ghost knew that he
was being recorded by proctor now tony
ties in with my death predictions over
the next two episodes so i'm gonna
expand on this comment where peach said
that tony is gonna get killed because
symphony overheard her talking to the
cops which could be a problem and i
definitely agree tony along with little
rob is who i think will die over the
next two episodes and i'll come to
little rob in just a moment but only
because she's tried to snake marvin
symphony would most likely tell raquel
about how she tried to set up marvin and
this could lead to rak taking her out i
mean rak doesn't like her anyway and we
saw this play out in episode 1 but
adding to this death prediction and
comment this is how i think raqqa could
get more control over the club if tony
is out of the picture then symphony
could step up and take more control over
the club and this is how racquel and the
thomas organization can get back in with
lanes doing business and this is a way
of how symphony can get involved in this
side of raqqa's life we know how smart
he is and we've even heard kane and tell
his moms that he can help him with their
business but one thing we still need to
be mindful of is we've still not my hugo
hugo is the person who owns the club and
he was mentioned in the very first
episode and they've not mentioned his
name for no reason he's someone like d
wiz's brother and breeze who i do think
we'll see at some point but tony's death
is a way rack could get more control
over lanes so she is one of my death
predictions going into the last two
episodes and sticking with death
predictions lid rob is another one who i
see being killed in the last episode or
two especially because he snitched on
kanan and we all know what happened to
snitches in the world of power once you
snitch you're a dead man walking but
let's come to jukebox because she's
someone who has stole the show in the
very first season along with raquel and
i was expecting jukebox to have a hard
time dealing with nicole's death in this
episode and seeing this side to duke
that we saw are broken and a sad duke
who's tired of the [ __ ] up life and
place that they're living in but
jukebox's level of emotional
intelligence is amazing the way she
didn't blame kanan for what happened to
nicole and even to some degree felt like
she couldn't blame herself she clearly
understands way before kanan the
consequences that our actions can have i
think duke would have left nicole for
stealing anything out of her bag she
seemed like a mixture of disappointment
and heartbroken and ironically what
jukebox said to nicole about how she was
gonna stop boosting we saw nicole
stealing something from duke's bag a
moment later which caused her death but
jukebox is way ahead of canaan in terms
of street knowledge knowing how your
actions can have consequences not just
for yourself but for others around you
and i mentioned after episode 3 that the
jukebox that we're seeing is way ahead
of kanan and she'd probably stay ahead
of kanan for a long time because we saw
how she controlled kanan in power she
used to control the conversations she
knew when kanan was lying and telling
the truth just like we saw in season
three episode three so kanan has a lot
more catching up to do and a lot more
learning to do and nicole's death for
jew will make her that much more
intelligent and stronger than she
already is because she suffered this
heartbreak and setback a lot sooner than
kanan has and over the week i will be
diving deep into this conversation
between howard and rag and other secrets
that were spilled during this episode
but let me know what you guys think do
you think lulu is dead or alive i
definitely think he's alive because
there is no way lulu is going out that
way let me know your death predictions
going into the final two episodes as
well because i feel there will be a lot
more to come i'm thinking tony and lil
rob for being snakes and let me know
your thoughts on jukebox level of
emotional control and intelligence that
she has knowing that the world that they
live in have consequences for every
action drop all your thoughts down below
in the comment section and of course if
you're new to the channel and you
haven't done so already then remember to
smash the subscriber and if you want to
see everything powerbook 3 empower
universe related but as always thank you
guys for watching and i'll see you
next time